DRIVERS-2035 Use minimum RTT for CSOT maxTimeMS calculation instead of 90th percentile (#1350)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst

a significant benefit.

Drivers use minimum RTT to short circuit operations
---------------------------------------------------

A previous version of this spec used the 90th percentile RTT to short
circuit operations that might otherwise fail with a socket timeout.
We decided to change this logic to avoid canceling operations that may

> have a high chance of succeeding and also removes a dependency on t-digest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a high chance of succeeding; this change also removes a dependency on t-digest.
```
